Style mechanics article (#198)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: contributor/04-mechanics-of-contributing-article.asciidoc

One key difference is the turnaround time.
With every first time contribution you are coming to a new (host) team.

> As a result, you'll need to get to know their code base and the technology used, and also their preferred development environment (think test framework, build system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, you'll need to get to know their code base, technologies used, and also their preferred development environment (think test framework, build system).
```

==== Communication and unblocking yourself

Great, you've made yourself familiar with the host team's approach, and they are looking forward to receive your pull request.
Which gotchas are there waiting for you now?

> First, you'll be in less direct contact with them, and second, you aren't expected to be as knowledgeable and proficient as you might be on the full-time projects that your team owns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you'll be in less direct contact with them.  Second, you aren't expected to be as knowledgeable and proficient as you might be on the full-time projects that your team owns.
```

* Provide a clear description of what this pull request changes, why it does so, and which issue and design documents (if there were any) it refers to.
* If there is anything uncommon or unexpected in the pull request, highlight it and provide the explanation. This will make it easier to reason about and solve potential blocking questions that a reviewer might have during the review.
 ** The same goes for the scenario where you were unsure of the implementation or your approach - highlight it and ask for an insight.
 ** Be civil and expect civility from the https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/trusted-committer/01-introduction.asciidoc[_Trusted Committer's_] review.
* Making pull requests too broad and large makes them more difficult to review, so it will take much longer before they're accepted.
 ** If you have a larger feature that you are contributing, it often helps to split it in multiple pull requests that are submitted, reviewed and accepted sequentially.
You can still bind them together with an issue that you are referring to.

>   *** Some tools also have Draft / WIP pull request functionality that you can use to explicitly mark unfinished and non-polished work and still get early feedback from your host team's https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/trusted-committer/02-ensuring-product-quality.asciidoc[_Trusted Committers_].

Reviewer: I'm not clear why the change to this article?

Author: I had gone back and forth between keeping the links pointing to the same place, and providing content relevant reference points.
I remember you suggesting we link to specific articles vs always to the intro, but I could never find a passage specific enough to warrant pointing to a non-intro article.
This portion talks about the TCs in light of their responsibilities towards contributors, and I felt like it is an opportunity to link to the relevant article.
With that, I also agree that this is not obvious for someone to click on after they clicked on other TC links, so happy to revert if we all decide towards consistency.

Reviewer: Seems fine to me.
